Dockerize backend (#4)
hackf/WindsorEssexCycling: README.md

    npm run serve

## Standalone Brouter Server

To run a standalone Brouter HTTPServer that has been containerized, the following steps need to be executed.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is geared towards documentation how to configure and run the Brouter HTTPServer. This server is used to provide routing information.

```

### Step 1: Build the docker image

> To build the docker image one needs to be sure of the LAT and LNG of the location of interest.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The docker image requires two [build arguments](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/build/#set-build-time-variables---build-arg), LAT and LNG. These arguments are used to download a segment of the world that will be used by Brouter to provide routing. As of right now, the docker image only downloads one of these segment files because all of the WE area is contained in one slice.  For WE the values are: `N40` and `W85`. Go [here](http://brouter.de/brouter/segments4/) if you'd like to see what other segments are available.
```

The routing segment files provisioned by Brouter are organized in a 5*5 degrees, with the filename containing the southwest corner of the square.  

> To have the container download the segment file `N40_W85.rd5`, and have the Brouter server point to it we execute the following `docker build` command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The docker image will download the required segment file and place it there Brouter expects it to be located. Below is an example on how to build the Brouter image:
```

```sh
docker build -t brouter-server:N40_W85 --build-arg LAT=N40 --build-arg LNG=W85 .
```

### Step 2: Run the container

> To run the image build above, in order to spawn the Brouter routing server, the following command needs to be executed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Brouter routing server container, run the following command:
```

```sh

> docker run -p 127.0.0.1:17777:17777 we-cycling:latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run -p 127.0.0.1:17777:17777 brouter-server:N40_W85
```
